README.md, before:

# HaulMinedChunks

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/buuPQel.png)


Will mark stone-chunks to be hauled when they spawn from mining.
I just got tired of random chunks laying about, slowing down my miners.
Should work on any chunk, vanilla and modded.

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/O0IIlYj.png)

Since modding is just a hobby for me I expect no donations to keep modding. If you still want to show your support you can gift me anything from my https://store.steampowered.com/wishlist/id/Mlie]Wishlist or buy me a cup of tea.

https://ko-fi.com/G2G55DDYD]![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Utx6OIH.png)


![Image](https://i.imgur.com/PwoNOj4.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.

Commit message:

Support for drone-mining in [url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2037491557]Project RimFactory - Drones[/url]

README.md, after:

# HaulMinedChunks

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/buuPQel.png)


Will mark stone-chunks to be hauled when they spawn from mining.
I just got tired of random chunks laying about, slowing down my miners.
Should work on any chunk, vanilla and modded.
Safe to add/remove anytime

- Added support for https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1776143665]Raise The Roof

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/O0IIlYj.png)

Since modding is just a hobby for me I expect no donations to keep modding. If you still want to show your support you can gift me anything from my https://store.steampowered.com/wishlist/id/Mlie]Wishlist or buy me a cup of tea.

https://ko-fi.com/G2G55DDYD]![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Utx6OIH.png)


![Image](https://i.imgur.com/PwoNOj4.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.
